Wordcloud created dynamically using text scraped from this page 
Programming Languages:

Python
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
SQL
Regex

Frameworks & Libraries:

Flask
Bootstrap
Pytest
Pextract
Beautiful Soup
Matplotlib
Pandas
NumPy
NLTK

Database Management:

MySQL
PostgreSQL

Version Control & Containerization:

Git
Docker
Gitbash
 Github
Github workflow
 Dockerhub

Development Environments/ IDE's:

Visual Studio Code (VSCode)
PyCharm
Jupyter Notebook

APIs & AI Engineering:

Postman
Azure Cognitive API
AI Prompt Engineering

 
Programming Languages:

py, js, html, css, sql
regex

Frameworks & Libraries:

Flask, Bootstrap, pytest, Pextract, BS4, Matplotlib, Pandas, NumPy, NLTK

Database Management:

MySQL, PostgreSQL

Version Control & Containerization:

Git, Gitbash,  Github, Github workflow, Docker,  Dockerhub

Development Environments/ IDE's:

VSCode, PyCharm, ipynb

APIs & AI Engineering:

Postman, Azure Cognitive API, AI Prompt Engineering

 

                        Since the Jan-Apr 2023, Get into Tech course I have continued to teach myself new technologies
                        ...
I have created Docker images and successfully contributed to the Docker repository. I have organised myself using a github project to create a 'career development plan' which I access everyday. Additionally, I broadened my scope by completing an online course focused on meta-prompts, which resulted in my AI project. My symptom logger uses AI to summarize medical symptoms logged to an app, showcasing my ability to apply and adapt my knowledge of MySql to meet new challenges and connect to a PostgreSQL database using a docker image. My journey has also led me to numerous coding meetups, where I've begun to build a vibrant and supportive network and joined a weekly coding club focusing on Test Driven Development.
show full paragraph
 I have created Docker images and successfully contributed to the Docker repository. I have organised myself using a github project to create a 'career development plan' which I access everyday. Additionally, I broadened my scope by completing an online course focused on meta-prompts, which resulted in my AI project. My symptom logger uses AI to summarize medical symptoms logged to an app, showcasing my ability to apply and adapt my knowledge of MySql to meet new challenges and connect to a PostgreSQL database using a docker image. My journey has also led me to numerous coding meetups, where I've begun to build a vibrant and supportive network and joined a weekly coding club focusing on Test Driven Development. Jan 2023- April 2023 This course hosted by QA Ltd offered an introduction into programming covering Agile, Python, JavaScript, Git/ Github, MySQL, Postman, CSS, HTML and finished with our final group project, a flask site to make debt repayment calculations. Our site also had some data visualisation using matplotlib and pandas, and some testing with pytest and a github workflow. During the course I had free access to additional online training resources and took advantage of this opportunity to independently complete Fundamentals training including Linux Command Line and Serverless/ Cloud computing along with Information Security & Risk Management(laws, regulation & compliance), CyberSecurity and an Introduction to GDPR. The course used Miro boards, Mimeo notes, Webex, and Zoom to engage 16 participants. In the final group project, I developed an online financial calculator. Using GitHub Projects, we effectively managed our team's progress and ensured project success. 2009-2023 2005-2009 After gaining my qualification and certification to practice legally in the UK, I worked for 2 central London healthcare trusts, across clinics, hospitals and primary schools. I managed a large caseload, worked directly with patients, clinicians and parents to provide therapy targeting communication skills and trained teaching staff to support children with communication needs. 2002-2003 1 year contract. I created a system to track patient statistics within the department. I also created an image directory, and trained the staff to use scanners and associated software. The directory enabled therapists to cross reference patient needs with the relevant therapy resources. March 2002 - August 2002 At BAA I wrote a fortnightly internal staff newsletter and at Hounslow Community College, I provided IT support for students using MicroSoft Office in the Computer Resource Suite. 1999-2002 Budget Management and Events planning for MathSoft & S-Plus, Statistics Software. Prior to this I worked in Sales for a finanical research distribution company called Multex. City University 2003-2005 Pg Dip in Speech & Language Therapy University of Greenwich 1994-1997 BSc (Hons) PsychologyPython JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Regex Flask Bootstrap Pytest Pextract Beautiful Soup Matplotlib Pandas NumPy NLTK MySQL PostgreSQL Git Docker Gitbash  Github Github workflow  Dockerhub Visual Studio Code (VSCode) PyCharm Jupyter Notebook Postman Azure Cognitive API AI Prompt Engineering py, js, html, css, sql regex Flask, Bootstrap, pytest, Pextract, BS4, Matplotlib, Pandas, NumPy, NLTK MySQL, PostgreSQL Git, Gitbash,  Github, Github workflow, Docker,  Dockerhub VSCode, PyCharm, ipynb Postman, Azure Cognitive API, AI Prompt Engineering