I am a hardworking and enthusiastic individual who has proactively acquired new skills in programming while balancing family life. I am a good team player and enjoy working with others to deliver a common goal. I am a confident communicator and have excellent interpersonal skills. I am able to work well on my own initiative and when I developed a passion for coding, I dedicated time to teach myself JavaScript and Python through various online platforms and self-study materials. Inspired by my newfound interest in coding, I sought more formalized training through the highly-competitive Get into Tech Bootcamp, a 15-week course. Here, I delved deeper into Python and learned about more technologies. During the course, I continued my autodidactic approach to learning and took advantage of additional learning opportunities that became available with access to a wide range of additional, non-compulsory resources. I experimented with Pytest and github workflows, and completed various extra courses including Linux Command Line Fundamentals, Serverless/ Cloud computing along with Information Security & Risk Management(laws, regulation & compliance),CyberSecurity and finally an Introduction to GDPR. Informed by my previous career in healthcare, I possess a unique perspective and a strong grounding in communication and accessibility. As I transition to a career in technology, I am looking for my first opportunity as a junior software developer where I can grow my abilities. City University 2003-2005 Pg Dip in Speech & Language Therapy University of Greenwich 1994-1997 BSc (Hons) Psychology Get into Tech 2023 Jan 2023- April 2023 This bootcamp hosted by QA Ltd offered an introduction into programming covering Agile, Python, JavaScript, Git/ Github, MySQL, Postman, CSS, HTML and finished with our final group project, a flask site to make debt repayment calculations. Our site also had some data visualisation using matplotlib and pandas, and some testing with pytest and a github workflow. During the course I had free access to additional online training resources and took advantage of this opportunity to independently complete Fundamentals training including Linux Command Line and Serverless/ Cloud computing along with Information Security & Risk Management(laws, regulation & compliance), CyberSecurity and an Introduction to GDPR. The course used Miro boards, Mimeo notes, Webex, and Zoom to engage 16 participants. In the final group project, I developed an online financial calculator. Using GitHub Projects, we effectively managed our team's progress and ensured project success. Parent & Homemaker 2009-2023 Speech & Language Therapist 2005-2009 I worked for 2 central London healthcare trusts, across clinics, hospitals and primary schools. I managed a large caseload, worked directly with patients, clinicians and parents to provide therapy targeting communication skills and trained teaching staff to support children with communication needs. Speech & Language Therapy Assistant 2002-2005 1 year contract. I created a system to track patient statistics within the department. I also created an image directory, and trained the staff to use scanners and associated software. The directory enabled therapists to cross reference patient needs with the relevant therapy resources. Administrative Temp March 2002 - August 2002 At BAA I wrote a fortnightly internal staff newsletter and at Hounslow Community College, I provided IT support for students using MicroSoft Office in the Computer Resource Suite. Disributor Sales & Marketing 1997-2002 Budget Management and Events planning for MathSoft & S-Plus, Stats Software. © Ellen Houghton 2023